fix Android package identifier description text (#155)
brodybits/create-react-native-module: README.md

  --prefix <prefix>                         The prefix for the library module (Default: ``)
  --module-name <moduleName>                The module library package name to be used in package.json. Default: react-native-(name in param-case)
  --module-prefix <modulePrefix>            The module prefix for the library module, ignored if --module-name is specified (Default: `react-native`)

>   --package-identifier <packageIdentifier>  [Android] The package identifier for the Android module (Default: `com.reactlibrary`)

Author: ```suggestion
  --package-identifier <packageIdentifier>  [Android] The Java package identifier used by the Android module (Default: `com.reactlibrary`)
```

Author: This suggested change was abandoned as "resolved" so that the updates can all be done in a single batch.

>   --package-identifier <packageIdentifier>  [Android] The package identifier for the Android module (Default: `com.reactlibrary`)

Author: ```suggestion
  --package-identifier <packageIdentifier>  [Android] The Java package identifier used by the Android module (Default: `com.reactlibrary`)
```

  moduleName: String, /* The module library package name to be used in package.json. Default: react-native-(name in param-case) */
  modulePrefix: String, /* The module prefix for the library, ignored if moduleName is specified (Default: react-native) */
  platforms: Array | String, /* Platforms the library will be created for. (Default: ['android', 'ios']) */

>   packageIdentifier: String, /* [Android] The package identifier for the Android module (Default: com.reactlibrary) */

Author: ```suggestion
  packageIdentifier: String, /* [Android] The Java package identifier used by the Android module (Default: com.reactlibrary) */
```
